Sister, look at this bag, it looks good.
That's expensive.
Anyway, it's for my family, willing to spend money on me
So much richer than my real parents
Don't you forget
One day we will come back to reality
do not
Not to mention that we died in the back of that car
I'll be a friend when I go back
I'm a daughter now
Ah, what did you say? By the way, Qianqian
That will be new at Fashion Week in a few days.
I don't have time in two days.
What else do you have to do?
The mother of the original scenery gave me a ticket to the horse farm
Let me go over to relax
Shouldn't you be talking about
One of the four great families
The horse farm of the Huo family
I heard that the horse farm is very luxurious
And that young master of the Huo family
He's a very handsome guy.
I don't know.
That's right, what's the south wind?
I don't know, maybe that's it.
Can you take me with you?
Oops dear
The doctor said
Said that my heart disease needs to go out and relax to get better
Ok I don't want to see you either
Bad mood
Then I am not